High on this video I'm going to show you how to create a database using Ph.D. my admin.
So let's go to your browser.
Let's open the browser.
First of all and you can click localhost you can type in localhost and therefore slash ph be my admin.
I already have it here my history.
Right.
So click on databases and type in any name you want for your database name logging app is the one that
I'm going to create.
And then I click Create and then we have our database right here we have a couple of databases here
that we now using that were created automatically with BHP miasmic.
So I'm going to click on it and you can see that you can create a database here but we are not going
to do that right now.
Wow.
I will be showing you a couple of different settings here.
So here only ask you how you can create a database or you can run as you all queries here on your database.
You can do many different things with it right.
This would be as.
By the way so you can create a database like this if you want to create then you type in database and
the name on the database that you want to create.
And and this example is just to name example.
Very descriptive right.
And then click OK and then you see the database right here and here you will see that it's green.
That means it created something for you.
In this case it was a database for us.
All right.
So let me show you how to delete it.
Let's click on it.
That's my file.
We don't need to click on the database so we can just click on the homepage right here and click on
databases.
Now you got all your databases here and you can do things with it.
You can check your privileges or you can drop it.
So I'm just going to drop the one that I may call example and to click here.
That's how you deleted and click OK.
All right.
Perfect.
So now we created our database that we have right here called logging app and on the next video we're
going to show you how to create a table and then later to put some data into it.
Anyway thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lecture.